content/events/2026/codesangam.md, before:

+++
title = "Codesangam"
date = 2026-02-10
description = "A 2-week development challenge that brings together creativity and code. Build real-world projects and showcase your skills."

[extra]
event_type = "challenge"
status = "upcoming"
badge = "CHALLENGE"
external_link = "https://codesangam.com"

start_date = "2026-02-10"
end_date = "2026-02-24"
duration = "2 weeks"
venue = "Online"
location = "Online"

images = [
    "/images/events/codesangam/1.svg",
    "/images/events/codesangam/2.svg",
    "/images/events/codesangam/3.svg"
]
+++

## About Codesangam

**Codesangam** is a 2-week development challenge that brings together creativity and code. Build real-world projects, collaborate with peers, and showcase your skills to the community.

### Challenge Format

- **Duration:** 2 weeks of intensive development
- **Teams:** Solo or team participation
- **Themes:** Different themes each edition
- **Evaluation:** Based on innovation, execution, and impact

### Why Participate

- Build portfolio-worthy projects
- Learn by doing
- Get feedback from experienced developers
- Win exciting prizes

### Stay Updated

Visit [codesangam.com](https://codesangam.com) for registration and updates.

Commit message:

make a good event page with info about each event, event by year, and event by categories

content/events/2026/codesangam.md, after:

+++
title = "Codesangam"
date = 2026-02-10
description = "A 2-week development challenge that brings together creativity and code. Build real-world projects and showcase your skills."
template = "events/single.html"

[extra]
event_type = "challenge"
status = "upcoming"
badge = "CHALLENGE"
external_link = "https://codesangam.com"
register_link = "https://codesangam.com/register"
location = "Online"
participants = 300
prize_pool = "Rs. 75,000"

images = [
    "/images/events/codesangam/1.svg",
    "/images/events/codesangam/2.svg",
    "/images/events/codesangam/3.svg"
]
+++

## About Codesangam

**Codesangam** is a 2-week development challenge that brings together creativity and code. Build real-world projects, collaborate with peers, and showcase your skills to the community.

### Challenge Format

- **Duration:** 2 weeks of intensive development
- **Teams:** Solo or team participation (max 4 members)
- **Themes:** Different themes each edition
- **Evaluation:** Based on innovation, execution, and impact

### Timeline

1. **Week 1:** Project ideation and development
2. **Week 2:** Refinement and submission
3. **Final Day:** Presentations and judging

### Why Participate

- Build portfolio-worthy projects
- Learn by doing with real-world challenges
- Get feedback from experienced developers
- Win exciting prizes worth Rs. 75,000
- Network with developers from across India

### Registration

Registration opens on **January 15, 2026**. Visit [codesangam.com](https://codesangam.com) for registration and updates.
